I've lived in a slum all my life.
I used to play in a backyard
that was filled with garbage.
Maybe it still smells on me!
No, that's not right.
Only the woman claimed to have seen it.
The old man only heard the body fall.
He didn't see the stabbing.
Then he said he saw the kid running
down the stairs and out of the house.
So he called the police.
That's true, but the woman was far away,
wasn't she? About 60 feet.
Why are you rubbing your nose like that?
I want to know why are you rubbing your nose.
Your eyeglasses makes those deep
impressions on the sides of your nose.
I never noticed that before.
They must be annoying.
The woman who testified that she
saw the killing had the same
marks on the sides of her nose.
This woman was about fourty-five years old,
but she tried to look thirty-five.
Did you notice that? All that makeup,
her hair dyed,
the brand new clothes and no eyeglasses?